README.md, before:

SlugCorp
========
*Why solve it, when you can Slug it? &trade;*

ThreadScheduler
---------------

A simple user-space thread scheduler

## V0.1
> The initial version of the thread scheduler is a restatement of
> the code given to us by Prof. Brandt. It still doesn't work, but when
> it does, we should be able to run it and play around with it before the 
> actual assignment is posted.

## V0.2
> thread_list is a linked list which will be used to make the lottery ticket
> system work. Currently, the list functions as a basic list, but I think 
> we're going to need it because while the array Brandt gave us in the assignment
> is needed to make the thread context switching work, we're using the linked list
> to keep track of lottery tickets for the main scheduling subroutines.
>
> Also, the current make targets are as follows:
> 
> 1. main: the main program we're going to turn in
> 2. test: the thread list testing program
> 3. clean: git rid o' dat shit

## V0.3
> Went scorched earth and redid the entire master branch
> # Note on deleting lists
>> I modified the way lists get deleted and added to. One adds data to a list by calling 
>> insertData(TLRef L, void *data, int tickets), and a node is automatically created
>> and inserted into the list.
>>
>> To delete a list, you must first clear it out using clearList(TLRef L). This function
>> frees every node on the list in preparation for the list to be deleted. After calling this
>> function, you can then call freeList(TLRef L) to finish the job.

Commit message:

made a bunch of line-item change to get all the files consistent with each other. GCC now compiles this code.

README.md, after:

SlugCorp
========
*Why solve it, when you can Slug it? &trade;*

ThreadScheduler
---------------

A simple user-space thread scheduler

## V0.1
> The initial version of the thread scheduler is a restatement of
> the code given to us by Prof. Brandt. It still doesn't work, but when
> it does, we should be able to run it and play around with it before the 
> actual assignment is posted.

## V0.2
> thread_list is a linked list which will be used to make the lottery ticket
> system work. Currently, the list functions as a basic list, but I think 
> we're going to need it because while the array Brandt gave us in the assignment
> is needed to make the thread context switching work, we're using the linked list
> to keep track of lottery tickets for the main scheduling subroutines.
>
> Also, the current make targets are as follows:
> 
> 1. main: the main program we're going to turn in
> 2. test: the thread list testing program
> 3. clean: git rid o' dat shit

## V0.3
> Went scorched earth and redid the entire master branch
>
> ### Note on deleting lists
>> I modified the way lists get deleted and added to. One adds data to a list by calling 
>> insertData(TLRef L, void *data, int tickets), and a node is automatically created
>> and inserted into the list.
>>
>> To delete a list, you must first clear it out using clearList(TLRef L). This function
>> frees every node on the list in preparation for the list to be deleted. After calling this
>> function, you can then call freeList(TLRef L) to finish the job.
>
> ### Notes on refactor
>> I had to make a few changes to some of the files so that they would work with my new list
>> First: I changed the name of the list references to the following for more clarity:
>>> ThreadList      -> TLRef
>>> ThreadListNode  -> TNRef
>>
>> Second: I fixed the errors GCC was throwing with respect to scheduler.c and the_app.c
>>> #define _XOPEN_SOURCE
>>> #include <ucontext.h>
>> gets called before main() now. Also, I added threads.c's functions in stub-form to the_app.c
>> until we figure out what to do with them.
>>
>> Also, I haven't done anything to this effect, but I'd like to pose the following concern here: 
>>> I fail to see the use in keeping a separate "thread_object" object in addition to the list. It seems
>>> to be something we can use thread list nodes to do. If we keep the context variable and thread ID 
>>> inside the list, then there's nothing else we need to do. We can just invoke the context change
>>> from a random thread by randomizing an index, selecting that random index off of the list, and 
>>> using the resultant node reference to extract the context we want to go into after setting the timer.
